Dear Sir/Madam,

Thank you for your email. As requested let me give some more context to the situation which prompted me to make the current claim.

Me and wife were planning to travel from Oslo to Japan on September 29th, with a lay-over in London. 
Unfortunately, upon our arrival in London, I experienced some heavy fever. We then proceeded to further test whether I contracted COVID using an antigen test.
We confirmed that I contracted COVID with 3 antigen tests indicating a positive result for COVID. We confirmed that my wife also tested positive using an additional antigen test. 
Pictures of the tests taken are attached to this email.

Given the restrictions in Japan at the time, postponing our flight would have meant that the PCR-test we originally used to validate our health status with Japanese authorities would no longer be valid. This means we would need another set of negative PCR-test results to get in Japan. Our status at the time, with both of us testing positive with the antigen tests, made meeting this condition very unlikely. We were further informed by the Airline company operating our original flight to Japan, that having contracted COVID would also likely mean the need to quarantine when arriving in Japan for a period lasting nearly to whole length of our originally planned holiday. 

In these circumstances, we decided to cancel our originally planned trip to Japan and focus on recovering.

Following this decision, we then consulted the local healthcare agency's recommendations (https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/coronavirus-covid-19/self-isolation-and-treatment/when-to-self-isolate-and-what-to-do/). As indicated by these recommendation we decided to self-isolate for 5 days at a nearby hotel (hotel receipts attached to this email). 
Furthermore we were advised not to visit any testing centers or medical facility when experiencing symptoms such as fever (https://www.expresstest.co.uk/book-a-test/test-centres/heathrow-terminal-3-forecourt/?testType=PCR&productType=Test+Only&testName=PCR+Test+Only). This made it difficult to get a doctor certificate that states it was necessary to go home earlier for medical treatment.

The following Thursday, my wife started to experience fever along with regular bouts of coughing. In order to stick with the NHS reccommendations, we then extended our stay to Tuesday 4th October to ensure a self-isolation of 5 days for my wife as well (hotel receipt attached ot this email). We also booked a flight to Oslo from London for Tuesday 4th October, since by that time we would be considered recovered according to local health authorities standards. 

I hope these additional elements provide a more concrete picture of the situation that motivated me to make the current, and please let me know if you require any further informations or actions from our side for you to proceed.

Thanking you in advance,
Best regards,
Vipin Kumar.